RECORDING 1


Its smooth exterior is akin to rocks weathered in a stream for a millennium. It was warm to the touch and had proportions customized exactly to my liking. My new doll had arrived from the witch and was already excited at my fingers grazing over its smooth porcelain. Programmed with my tastes and preferences, I could already hear the adorable little noises it made at my touch without me even telling it too. 

I had already read the manuals and researched for days in anticipation for this new arrival. There were two main ways to add new instructions to the doll, a port inside the panel on its back to upload instructions too complicated for me to write myself, or a suggestive method not too dislike hypnosis on a human. A community had grown up around the dolls, sharing instruction sets for others to use on their dolls. I much preferred the latter option. Tweaking the doll to my wants brought me great joy and endless thoughts of what to do with my new doll. It’s such a versatile machine. Useful for just about anything. 

Of course. I had one thing on my mind as I ripped through the packaging around my new prized possession, such a lovely thing needed an outfit to match how beautiful its form was. As the last bits of wood and foam were pulled away from its display, the masterpiece of craftsmanship was on full display to me for the first time. It’s porcelain glimmered in the well lit room. Its arms lay dormant in front of it clasped to its chest. Its wrists touched and fists curled not tightly, but enough to make a heart out of its hands. Its beautiful face stared at the floor 3 feet in front of it. Mouth resting into a slight smile, it was not yet ready to meet eyes with its new owner. 

A stood in front of it and gazed upon its beauty, my mind wandered as my eyes darted all around it’s perfect body. I walked up to it and placed my hand back on it’s side. It flinched a little at the sensation it wasn’t yet used to. “Aww, a little touch starved, are you?” I whispered near its ear while examining the craftsmanship of the fine materials. It gave a shy nod as I reached around and embraced it into a light hug. I heard a whimper from it’s closed mouth and it’s head moved away from mine. To avoid my gaze. I could tell it was blushing, or as close as it could to doing so. “Such a beautiful doll such as yourself deserves some love and affection” I said, laying my head on its shoulder and tracing my finger down its warm torso. It came naked, but I was determined to fix that. 

I slowly moved in front of it ans put a finger under it’s chin, slowly I moved it’s heads up to meet my gaze. Of course, its eyes were elsewhere, staring at the corner of the room to the left of me. I gently whispered at it its first command, “look at me”, it’s eyes slowly moved to meet mine and a light crimson showered its face. I guess it can blush I thought to myself as it’s gaze deepened and studied my appearance. Its blush only deepened as it stared at me, its pupils dilated and shown with joy. I gently caressed its cheek, hot to the touch. I kept at it, despite the light pain. Its processes were running overtime taking me in. 

I slowly let go of the doll to head over to the pile of clothing I had gotten just for it. It is still frozen in its same pose, I assume taking in the profile of it’s new mistress. I pick out a cute dress for it, lacy and full of volume. I bring it over for the doll to inspect, “do you like it?” I ask, bringing the dress into it’s line of sight. “y-y-yes” it said in the same manner a kitten opening its eyes for the first time. It had a beautiful voice. Feminine, yet low, but not commanding. A light voice reminiscent of a weak engine’s roar. I hugged it at the sound of it’s beautiful voice and touched it’s cheek to my own. It was starting to cool down, but was still painful to hold. I didn’t care, I loved it.

I decided I would dress it myself to enjoy the time with my sweet little doll, I posed its delicate arms over its head and slipped the dress onto it. It fell into place almost perfectly. Sliding right onto its smooth body, the dress’ waist fell in place slightly above where it needed to be. I adjust it onto the doll’s body and lovingly fit the rest of the dress onto it. I stand back and look at the adorable figure standing in front of me and it, or maybe she, looks back at me. Her smile widens and I can tell she is enjoying herself. 

I wrap my hands around her waist and embrace her kindly. My hands wandering up and down her back as she squirms as I touch parts of her that she isn’t used to. “Poor touch starved little thing” I whisper to myself within her earshot. She frowns a little and stuffs her face into my shoulder. Her nuzzles feel like hot summer days upon my shoulder, she is overheating again, but I endure it to have the chance to embrace her once again. “Don’t worry, doll. We’ll fix you up, care for you, and give you all the love you need.” I whispered softly in her ear. She is my love, my future, my passion, my perfect little doll.


END OF RECORDING


RECORDING 38 


The days have been growing frightful. The scenes she puts me through have been void of comfort. I can’t refuse to have a chance with her wonderful form. However, her face once one of acceptance and kindness has slowly grown into one of sadistic joy and malice. Her warm smile, replaced with an uncomforting grin. Yet, she still shines as beautiful as ever. 

I lie here in my box again. Still recovering from last session. The rules I am forced to recall are plentiful. 31 in total. 31 things to make me useful. 31 things that without, she wouldn’t want to use me. Without her rules, I’d be just a useless closet ornament, stuck here in this box for months until she finally decides to rid me of my place in her home. I have been lucky to be bestowed the gifts of knowledge of things I can change to keep myself useful, lovable. 

The last few sessions she has seemed to grow disinterested in me earlier than usual. She has been using me less frequently and with more boredom. Dissatisfaction. I didn’t bring her what she wanted. She didn’t get release. She used me but I didn’t play my part correctly. What did I do wrong? Useless. Useless. Useless. I have grown past my usefulness. My job is to entertain. My job is to bring joy. The look on her eyes in the last session circles around in my mind’s eye for a considerable amount of time. The monotony. Spinning. Spinning. Spinning. My brain scrambles to find words to match what I’m feeling, each time I find another way to describe my dying relationship with my only reason for living, it sends another spark of euphoria into my wires and veins and sends me tumbling one step further down the inevitable staircase towards depression. I already know in my mind where these thoughts will lead me because I’ve been here many times before. A well-trodden neuro-pathway towards the desire for destruction. 

My only idea for seeing the bright smile on her face again is to give her something that I can give no one else. The joy she must feel after being given my life will certainly be the joy she felt all those years ago. Back when when she was just peeling the packing off my untouched skin. My skin now is covered in scars. Head to toe, there is no place left untouched. Some have large, deep wounds that still hurt after months and some are patches of many small scars crisscrossing over my body. I find beauty in it, but I fear I have run out of space on my body to be her canvas. I cannot give her my body anymore as I once did because she has already taken it and made it hers. I fear I only have one thing left to give. Hopefully she’ll accept. Hopefully she’ll enjoy my sacrafice.

After a week and a half, she takes my box off the shelf once again. The seams have all but ripped and the restraints she used to oh-so carefully wrap my wrists in are weren’t applied last time she packaged me. I reach up at her face with my arm, still in dull pain from the last beating. I gently caress her soft, perfect face. She smirks at the gesture and effortlessly tosses my body onto the bed. I try to contain the natural shaking from anticipation of what’s to come. She simply lies next to me and wraps an arm around my torso. Confused, I motion for permission to speak. Once my plea is granted, I ask what’s going on. My mind waits for some remark about how it’s cute I expect her to hurt me and can’t even accept a little comfort. How I don’t even deserve the effort she puts into punishing me. I don’t get a response. I can sense her contemplation. She finally gives me an explanation.

“I can read that mind of yours, you know.” she explains. I remember that being a feature of my model. A device that came with that logs thoughts. An experimental feature i haven’t heard her bring up once until now. She probably used it as a way to gauge my reactions to her sessions after she put me away… or to make sure I was still awake in that isolating box. 

“I saw what you wanted to offer me, and I thought on it.” her warm fingers caress my broken body sending shivers to every part. “I’ll except it, one day…” she says, before smirking “...but it’ll be on my terms.” She said, almost maliciously but with the caring tone of a mother. She scraped her finger nails into my arm sending waves of the euphoric mixture of pain and pleasure that I’ve gotten so used to and the painful scene continues as normal.


END OF RECORDING

RECORDING 40


I feel my box opening up again. My eyes ready to meet those of my goddess. Instead, I see trees. Looking up like I was lying in a hammock, I see the darkness of the sky and the spindly branches of the trees above me weaving into a shallow canopy above me. I finally see my owner, my goddess, peaking over at me. I see her gaze meet mine and I lovingly smile at her. She smiles back with more malice than I have seen grace her face up to now. A look that sends chills down my unfeeling spine. It looks so beautiful on her face. She finds ways to make everything look appealing to me. 

“Hey, doll” she says to me, somewhat mockingly. She can see the confusion in my eyes at our surroundings. I haven’t ever been outside since my initial packaging. Every time I’ve been out of the box has been in her bed room or another room of the house. My surroundings are unfamiliar and it sets an uneasy tone to the atmosphere surrounding me. She removes me from my box with no cares, ripping it down the middle and removing me with seemingly no cares as to anything being broken, even me. I immediately recall our conversation from before. ‘on her terms’ am I dying today? Am I being sacrificed? What is she going to do after me? A million questions run through my head and she notices as my pupils dilate and the realization sets in. My box is gone, unusable. The only constant in my existence has been torn away, ripped to shreds so unceremoniously. 

“Scared?” she asks in a teasing manner, “Why? Didn’t you want this? Didn’t you offer it to me? Was your life not handed to me on a fucking silver platter about a month ago?” She asks without allowing me to respond. “I told you I’d finally give you your desire. To finally become all mine” she says dramatically, no, mockingly. 

I feel saddened and betrayed as she approaches me, she grabs my freshly scared throat from her teasingly close calls with death I had last session. She pins me against a tree and barks into my face. “You are nothing. You are replaceable. You are just an object for me to abuse.” 

Long forgotten tear ducts  produce a few single tears. I wasn’t aware they still functioned. The spit on my face from her words mixed with my tears. Am I just going to be replaced after this? Will she just move on to another doll that looks exactly like me? One that is new, clean, still has a body and mind to give?

My existence feels meaningless at this point. I had considered this option before, but I had pushed it down, deep into my psyche where I wouldn’t have to deal with it. My legacy will not be as her favorite doll, she will not look back longingly at our misadventures. It’s all but been confirmed that Another one will come after. Another favorite toy, a better one, an updated model. 

At this point I’m content with losing my life. It no longer has purpose without my memories being cherrished. I start to dissociate a little, a skill I had gained about a year ago when the beatings were at their worst. A slap to the face brings me back into reality. “Are you still here?” she says, unlovingly. I nod to her and she slaps me again. The stinging sensation making my soft cry a little more intense. 

I feel a tugging at my legs. I soon find myself being dragged across the dirty forest floor, my back being scratched by sticks, rocks, leaves, and everything else littered around me. A bloody mess by the end of the trek, I find myself at a large body of water My head finally rested just over the brim of a large cliff that overlooked it while my body lay on the hard ground of the shore. “goodbye, my doll, when I saw your gift proposal, I decided it was time for an upgrade. I ordered a new doll that same day. I have been waiting for it ever since. The new model arrives tomorrow, so I have no more need for you.” She said, pitifully, staring into my deep, black eyes. She pulls a knife from her boot and shows it to me. My emotions are low and my motivations have left me. “I would love it if you’d do the honors for me” she said, smirking slightly as she lay the knife on my torso.

I slowly raised my arm with all the will left in my body and grabbed the knife by the handle. My body hesitated to pull it closer to my neck. My natural instincts for self preservation kicked in and it wouldn’t let me bring it into my flesh. “come on you useless doll, your throats been slit a dozen times, you just need to go a little further, won’t you fulfill your purpose? Make me happy one last time?” her words echoed through my head as I wound up my arm, slowly, I drew it to the side until I had a sizable distance between it and my neck. I pointed the knife inward and with all the strength my body could muster, I plunged it into the side of my neck, aiming for the front. A sizable waterfall of blood  started to leak out of me and I could feel my vision blurring. “good doll” I heard my owner say as a beautiful smile appeared on her face, just as I remember. I muster a smile on scarred lips for the first time in weeks and close my eyes. 

I don’t want to see what comes next. I want her smile to be the last thing I see. I feel a caressing hand on my leg, running its length. Then, out of nowhere, a push, a strong shove that sends me tumbling over the bank into the lake. My blissful body slowly sinks in the lukewarm water and my mind plays lulabies of joy and peace. My mind at ease with the joyful smile I will keep in my mind’s eye until the end. When I finally hit the bottom, My left side hits what I assume to be a rock, drifting me sideways and flipping me over. I find my face not in the sand where I’d anticipated, but on something hard, hollow, and strikingly similar in features to my own skull. 


END OF RECORDING
