"Open" she says calmly, knowing she doesn't need to use any force to get you to obey. Your jaw responds without hesitation. Your look towards her, awaiting directive. With the grace of a dancer and precision of an archer she tosses a coin into your mouth with a mechanical smoothness that give you no time to react. The coin slides past the internal lining of your artificial throat, cutting the sides of it as the sides make their way down. The artificial pain you feel is intense. Code installed on you giving you a human like experience overwhelm your processor with information from the foreign object in your system. "Now, retrieve" she says as a countdown flashes in your memory. 10:00... 9:59... a panic sets in and you realize the dire situation she has put you in. Your expressive face shows the panic in your optics. Miss calmly crosses her legs with a smirk as you collapse onto the ground. Your first reaction is to try and remove it orally. You urgently push your robotic fingers down your throat in order to try and trigger the sensors that reverse your throat, your mouth fills with a bitter coolant, a sign you've broken something with your uncareful force. When you finally manage to trigger a reaction, your mouth fills with an acidic cleaning solution, a parallel to bile meant to break down fuel into useable materials. Synthetic, acidic, stinging, your oral sensors force you to expel the liquid violently, covering the floor in a foamy, yellow mess. The foreign object remains tucked away in your internal cavity, too large to come up the way it came. A panic cascades through your processors and you can almost feel the electrons moving faster than before. There is only one option left. Rising to your knees and scanning your surroundings, a dull kitchen knife awaits your use, seemingly placed there for you in preparation. 7:38, The urgency pushes your limbs toward it, grabbing the knife with reluctant and shaking arms. A cold tip placed against your torso by your own hands seems unreal to you as the scene you're in seems to disappear from your mind. You see the world in its derivatives now, only needing to know what comes next. You plunge the knife through your artificial skin and past the layer of protective plastic under it, searing the countless tiny pain sensors as your artificial nervous system redlines. Cutting deep into your abdomen, you feel a few wires cut as you go deeper. The flickering of electricity before they are severed completely burns int your limbs. It doesn't last long as you feel your ability to move or feel your lower left leg all but disappear. The knife exits your abdomen and your own cold finger enters. You only realize after it tears into the hole made what feels like hours ago. A hole big enough for 2 digits forms and is carved large enough for an entre hand. 5:20 flashes in your mind. A hand, your hand, travels into your newly formed cavity and grazes the intake chamber's siding. Hard steel sits between you and a Task completed. How will you get into it? All you've gotten through so far is soft silicone, plastic, and a few wires. You look up at Miss for a hint and she looks down at you with a facade of pity so easy to look through it almost seems mocking. You freeze in calculation for the first time since your circuits were overwhelmed and seemed to move on autopilot. The snapping of metal fills your artificial nervous system with a pain so intense you wish you could just shut off for good right there, The artificial skin is now the only thing holding your left arm together and with a quick tug, it rips apart and comes loose. The core of your arm is the only thing you have strong enough to tear into this internal prison. You feel ghost sensations, intense pains as you mindlessly strip the skin from your severed limb and reveal the core. Pressed against the side of the hole and the side of your intake, you press the mangled remains of your arm into your abdomen, the rest of your soft torso rips into a long cut taking out countless smaller wires that connect to places you don't have the time to investigate. Eventually it crashes into the frame of your chassis to use as a fulcrum, slowly you bend your frame apart as well as the side of the intake. the creaking noises you're sure will stick in your memory for longer than you want. After enough prying to permanently give you an unbalanced shape, the acidic solution from within pours into your torso, showering your delicate insides with corrosion and rot. A hole the size of a finger has formed and you use this chance to dig around in it. burning your hand in the process. The elusive coin comes out with an unceremonious cling against the and you realize your nightmare is finally over. Your systems now settling back to baseline are flashing with so many errors you can't possibly use your processing power for anything else. Your optics slowly fade out as you feel the last of your coolant poor onto the floor. "Well done, little bot" you hear as a firm grip picks your remains up off the floor. 