"How to reimagine how we are utilizing our centers. 
	Following federal guidelines (public) universities can not engage in identity based programming"

the HOLA will be renamed but likely stay mostly intact due to its success

"Will this be temporary because he (trump and administration) will not be in term forever"
	Not sure of specific future of program, especially post-trump admin
	"Like with the other centers we will not be able to provide support for HOLA in the same way as before"
	KSU administration would like to try and bring it back in the future
	Despite the fact the HOLA program may leave or be changed they will continue providing support
How will it be different?
	While the program in name may go away, services will not
	Future student resources will be inspired by the HOLA and resource centers and their services
	Because HOLA is part of student engagement and belonging the ksu administration does not capable of maintaining the name
	
To clarify, RSOs will not have to change their names, correct?
	RSO naming and activities cannot be chosen or changed by school
	Only departments changed
	
Will HOLA events come to an end?
	No, ksu administration will try to maintain cultural events that they previously hosted
	
Can collaborations be done with RSOs?
	We cannot directly fund (except through sayback)
	Certain collaborations can be done, but most be open to all RSOs
	Advertising, and connecting can still be done for example
	
Will the funding for reimagined orgs be scaled with the larger body of students being provided
	HOLA is not a center, but funds for it and the centers will be reallocated for expanding services
	
Will the peer leaders/ambassadors go away
	No, it will be rolled into programs such as flight
	
Since the name will be different how will we recruit freshmen looking for community
	We (ksu administration) are working on communication strategies for dispersing information about services and groups
	Heritage celebrations (Black heritage, queer heritage, hispanic heritage, etc.) will still be celebrated

How will the (HOLA?) lounge look different
	A lot of those decorations will have to come down
	We (KSU administration) will try to maintain the feel of the space in spite of this

Concerned regarding changes to scholarship programs, how will the university maintain those supports?
	one major scholarship is being reconsidered, currently they are revisioning things to meet guidelines

Is there a plan to reinstate these programs later?
	There is a plan in place to attempt to slide back to friendlier spaces in the future if laws change

When are these changes due?
	May the 12th, full transition by august before students return
	
Will different hubs be able to have multi-cultural or identity related programming?
	no, but students may request space for cultural events

Will any staff members be able to help collect students for these organizations
	Staff eligible for RSO advisor roles may provide logistical support for students
	Staff cannot provide input on how or when students should try and form these resources without student request
	
Does this mean hubs be open for reservation?
	Yes, as long as hubs are available to all RSOs
	
Conversations are being had to provide more spaces on marietta and kennesaw campuses

anonymous report submission website for DoE is present, and is a threat

As students how can we show support for these programs and organizing of events
	Continue to show up and be present in the space
	Even if administrators have to pivot, students should still treat the space as it was before
	Use QR codes or other forms to tell administrators what students need
	Make your voice heard, observe the political environment, vote
	
The effect of these programs changing and closing will negatively effect student health, can we get a statement you will better fund mental health services
	Yes, we are looking into expanding programs and dispersing information on available resources
	
Administrators and mental health staff will act as a "one-stop shop" and avoid over-redirection

What would decoration changes look like
	For all spaces we will have to take them down

Are there any ways we can provide notification to other students that there are safe spaces
	Student artwork is being considered to help preserve the look and feel of spaces, but a good answer is not available as of now
	Keeping these spaces filled with students of these identities may help keep those spaces feeling safe and inclusive
	
Will HOLA be opened to all cultures and students while maintaining services and groups?
	No, culturally aware spaces are being assumed part of "DEI" so changed will need to be made
	
Are there specific outreach initiatives to inform students of future resources?
	Services will continue to reach out to students to spread word of provided services
	
In regards to mental health and student well being HOLA has been the major source of hispanic support, how will this look in the future
	Unsure
	Must be told what students need

What are the rules we must abide by?
	There are no clear rules
	
Will people who tapped into centers be directly notified about changed?
	We (ksu administration) are working on better owllife pages, students previously attached to these services will be notified when changes occur
	May also be able to reach out to students who attended spaces or events
Is it possible for staff or students of these centers to notify about space changes?
	Yes, this will be done to ease the transition
	A campus email will go out towards the end of the semester

A lot of this is very vague, why has KSU preemptively begun dissolving as opposed to researching legal avenues?
	Funding is heavily at risk, and little is being done to prevent other universities from losing funds as a result of noncompliance
	Making transition now to prevent pauses in services that could cause harm to students
	
I understand wanting to get ahead of it, but where is the line?
	Currently we do not have legal options to combat these changes, we are trying to think about the current moment
	Very different from previous years where we could try pushback due to tying it to federal funding
	
Are there plans in place to hire or redirect more faculty due to increased load on these centers?
	That is a question for academic affairs, we (ksu administration) cannot provide an adequate response on some of that
	On the student affairs side we will try to make sure you have what you need
You guys cant do anything because if the federal gov finds out changes dont occur you could lose funding?
	KSU, being a young institution, cannot put up as much of a fight due to a lack of large donors or foundations
	Keep in mind the student population looks very different from other institutions, so ksu admins do not feel comfortable losing that funding
	
People are what make a community, how will we ensure that the community is safe in spite of changes
	The same people will be in place, any student who harasses other students in these spaces will still be punished

Are we also concerned about general services?
	No, not currently
	
As far as reimagining HOLA, what would that look like precisely? will the space still be used roughly the same?
	Study areas, spaces, and lounges will be maintained as much as possible

